added docs for azure blob (#58)
kedacore/keda-docs: content/scalers/azure-storage-blob.md

+++
fragment = "content"
weight = 100

> title = "Azure Storage Blob"

Reviewer: I think they are typically called `Azure Blob Storage` or `Azure Storage - Blobs`
```suggestion
title = "Azure Blob Storage"
```

background = "light"
+++

> Scale applications based on Azure Storage Blobs.

Reviewer: I think they are typically called `Azure Blob Storage` or `Azure Storage - Blobs`
```suggestion
Scale applications based on Azure Blob Storage.
```

> 

Reviewer: We also provide additional information such as when it's available and whom maintains it:
```suggestion

**Availability:** v1.1+ | **Maintainer:** Community

```

Can we list you as owner of this scaler? Or do you want to support it as Microsoft @jeffhollan?

Author: I'm fine with any decision (list me as owner or Microsoft). Anyway we are going to use this in couple of heavy blob processing projects soon and I'm always available to give the feedback and help to update/maintain this.

Reviewer: Well in that case I'd be happy to keep you as a maintainer, but don't want to pressure you!

If you want, feel free to use `**Maintainer:** Community (@IsharaPannila)`

<!--more-->

### Trigger Specification

This specification describes the `azure-blob` trigger for Azure Storage Blob.

```yaml
triggers:
  - type: azure-blob
    metadata:

>       containerName: functions-blob # Required: Container name

Reviewer: I presume this is aimed at the storage container, not runtime container?

Might be better to clarify this:
```suggestion
      containerName: functions-blob # Required: Name of Azure Blob Storage container
```

Or even rename it to `blobContainerName`?

Author: yeah. better rename it to "blobContainerName" for the clarity. I'll update the code and then update this doc.

Author: I've updated the code and rename the param to `blobContainerName`. Also updated the docs. Please review again.

Reviewer: Thanks!

>       blobCount: '5' # Optional. Blob count target for HPA. Default: 5 blobs 

Reviewer: What does this mean? Amount of blobs to scale on or?

Maybe this is more clear.
```suggestion
      blobCount: '5' # Optional. Amount of blobs to scale out on. Default: 5 blobs 
```

      connection: STORAGE_CONNECTIONSTRING_ENV_NAME
      blobPrefix:  # Optional. Prefix for the Blob. Use this to specifiy sub path for the blobs if required. Default : ""
      blobDelimiter: # Optional. Delimiter for identifying the blob Prefix. Default: "/"
```

> The `connection` value is the name of the environment variable your deployment uses to get the connection string. This is usually resolved from a `Secret V1` or a `ConfigMap V1` collections. `env` and `envFrom` are both supported.

Reviewer: I would leave this out as we now also support `TriggerAuthentication`

Author: Agreed. I'll first do the changes to work only with TriggerAuthentication and later remove this connection section.

Reviewer: Ah now I get it - No, please keep this around as it should support both TriggerAuthentication & this approach.

Sorry for the confusion!

Author: Sure. No worries!

### Authentication Parameters

You can authenticate by using pod identity or connection string authentication.

**Connection String Authentication:**

- `connection` - Connection string for Azure Storage Account

### Example

```yaml
apiVersion: keda.k8s.io/v1alpha1
kind: TriggerAuthentication
metadata:
  name: azure-blob-auth
spec:
  podIdentity:
    provider: azure
---
apiVersion: keda.k8s.io/v1alpha1
kind: ScaledObject
metadata:
  name: azure-blob-scaledobject
  namespace: default
  labels:
    deploymentName: azureblob-function
spec:
  scaleTargetRef:
    deploymentName: azureblob-function
  triggers:
  - type: azure-blob
    metadata:
      # Required
      containerName: functionsblob
      # Required: connection OR authenticationRef that defines connection

>       connection: STORAGE_CONNECTIONSTRING_ENV_NAME # Default: AzureWebJobsStorage. Reference to a connection string in deployment

Reviewer: You're specifying both a connection here, as well as trigger authentication which doesn't really make sense - Would you mind adapting so it only uses the trigger authentication object?

Author: Sure. I'll update the code to use only trigger authentication and update this doc as well.

Reviewer: No worries, you don't need to change the code to only support trigger auth - My remark is more that this example uses a mixed approach where I think it's better to use either the environment variable approach on ScaledObject **OR** TriggerAuthentication approach

      blobDelimiter: # Optional. Delimiter for identifying the blob Prefix. Default: "/"
```

The `connection` value is the name of the environment variable your deployment uses to get the connection string. This is usually resolved from a `Secret V1` or a `ConfigMap V1` collections. `env` and `envFrom` are both supported.

### Authentication Parameters

You can authenticate by using pod identity or connection string authentication.

**Connection String Authentication:**

- `connection` - Connection string for Azure Storage Account

### Example

```yaml
apiVersion: keda.k8s.io/v1alpha1
kind: TriggerAuthentication
metadata:
  name: azure-blob-auth
spec:
  podIdentity:
    provider: azure
---
apiVersion: keda.k8s.io/v1alpha1
kind: ScaledObject
metadata:
  name: azure-blob-scaledobject
  namespace: default
  labels:
    deploymentName: azureblob-function
spec:
  scaleTargetRef:
    deploymentName: azureblob-function
  triggers:
  - type: azure-blob
    metadata:
      # Required
      blobContainerName: functionsblob
      # Required: connection OR authenticationRef that defines connection

>       connection: STORAGE_CONNECTIONSTRING_ENV_NAME # Default: AzureWebJobsStorage. Reference to a connection string in deployment

Reviewer: I would remove this or at least comment it out since it's confusing now.

Author: done. Please review.
